some 94 Oh Lord God to whom vengeance
some 94 Oh Lord God to whom vengeance belongs oh god to whom vengeance belongs
belongs oh god to whom vengeance belongs
belongs oh god to whom vengeance belongs shine forth
shine forth
shine forth rise up Oh judge of the earth render
rise up Oh judge of the earth render
rise up Oh judge of the earth render punishment to the proud Lord how long
punishment to the proud Lord how long
punishment to the proud Lord how long will the wicked how long will the wicked
will the wicked how long will the wicked
will the wicked how long will the wicked triumph they utter speech and speak
triumph they utter speech and speak
triumph they utter speech and speak insolent things all the workers of
insolent things all the workers of
insolent things all the workers of iniquity boast in themselves they break
iniquity boast in themselves they break
iniquity boast in themselves they break in pieces your people Oh Lord and
in pieces your people Oh Lord and
in pieces your people Oh Lord and afflict your heritage they slay the
afflict your heritage they slay the
afflict your heritage they slay the widow and the stranger and murder the
widow and the stranger and murder the
widow and the stranger and murder the fatherless yet they say the law does not
fatherless yet they say the law does not
fatherless yet they say the law does not see nor does the God of Jacob understand
see nor does the God of Jacob understand
see nor does the God of Jacob understand understand you senseless among the
understand you senseless among the
understand you senseless among the people and you fools
people and you fools
people and you fools when will you be wise he who planted the
when will you be wise he who planted the
when will you be wise he who planted the ear shall he not hear he who formed the
ear shall he not hear he who formed the
ear shall he not hear he who formed the eye shall he not see he who instructs
eye shall he not see he who instructs
eye shall he not see he who instructs the nation's shall he not correct he who
the nation's shall he not correct he who
the nation's shall he not correct he who teaches man knowledge the Lord knows the
teaches man knowledge the Lord knows the
teaches man knowledge the Lord knows the thoughts of man that they are futile
thoughts of man that they are futile
thoughts of man that they are futile blessed is the man whom you instruct our
blessed is the man whom you instruct our
blessed is the man whom you instruct our Lord and teach out of your law that you
Lord and teach out of your law that you
Lord and teach out of your law that you may give him rest from the days of
may give him rest from the days of
may give him rest from the days of adversity until the pit is dug for the
adversity until the pit is dug for the
adversity until the pit is dug for the wicked for the Lord will not cast off
wicked for the Lord will not cast off
wicked for the Lord will not cast off his people nor will he forsake his
his people nor will he forsake his
his people nor will he forsake his inheritance but judgment will return to
inheritance but judgment will return to
inheritance but judgment will return to righteousness and all the upright and
righteousness and all the upright and
righteousness and all the upright and heart will follow it who will rise up
heart will follow it who will rise up
heart will follow it who will rise up for me against the evildoers who will
for me against the evildoers who will
for me against the evildoers who will stand up for me against the workers of
stand up for me against the workers of
stand up for me against the workers of iniquity
iniquity
iniquity unless the Lord had been my help my soul
unless the Lord had been my help my soul
unless the Lord had been my help my soul would soon have settled in silence if I
would soon have settled in silence if I
would soon have settled in silence if I say my foot slips your mercy O Lord will
say my foot slips your mercy O Lord will
say my foot slips your mercy O Lord will hold me up in the multitude of my
hold me up in the multitude of my
hold me up in the multitude of my anxieties within me your comforts
anxieties within me your comforts
anxieties within me your comforts delight my soul shall the throne of
delight my soul shall the throne of
delight my soul shall the throne of iniquity which devises evil by law have
iniquity which devises evil by law have
iniquity which devises evil by law have fellowship with you they gather together
fellowship with you they gather together
fellowship with you they gather together against the life of the righteous and
against the life of the righteous and
against the life of the righteous and condemn innocent blood but the Lord has
condemn innocent blood but the Lord has
condemn innocent blood but the Lord has been my defense and my god the rock of
been my defense and my god the rock of
been my defense and my god the rock of my refuge
my refuge
my refuge he has brought on them their own
he has brought on them their own
he has brought on them their own iniquity and shall cut them off in their
iniquity and shall cut them off in their
iniquity and shall cut them off in their own wickedness the Lord our God shall
own wickedness the Lord our God shall
own wickedness the Lord our God shall cut them off